It's ridiculous
How could a robot possibly play the piano?
How could this be?
This is nonsense.
Breeze, if you brag, you should also pick up some actual bragging
Qin Feng, you said your robot can play the piano.
That sow can climb trees
Is that why you have no culture?
Sows can climb trees
Believe it or not?
I believe dad
I also believe in the wind
Your lunatic
Heaven tells you the truth
Fatty Blue can not only play music
You can teach kids a foreign language.
Fatty Blue greets everyone hello
Tony Frog Vadasi Dora Amon Diesel
That's pretty awesome.
Can speak two languages
Yeah, if I buy it back for my child
You can talk to him every day to learn a foreign language
You see that?
This is the high technology of the island country
This is all mechanical repetition.
It's a high-tech start
How dare you insult the high-tech products of our island country
What right do you have?
Can you just rely on your second-hand rubbish?
It's you trash
The hardest part of my body is this mouth
I hope you don't just watch Fatty Blue speak two languages
There's nothing you can do.
You're not like that either.
What are two languages?
Xiaoxue is fluent in 16 languages
You can even communicate with anyone
He had no problem being a college teacher.